Introduce new volume type and objectstorage endpoint (#231)
syseleven/grav-docs-syseleven-stack: user/pages/04.Reference/04.block-storage/docs.en.md

| ----------------------------------------|---------------|---------------|-----------
| quobyte                                 | Yes (default) | Yes (default) | Yes (default)
| quobyte-multiattach                     | Yes           | Yes           | Yes
| ceph                                    | No            | No            | Yes

> 

Reviewer: too many blank lines

!! WARNING: This mode of operation requires special cluster file systems like ocfs2 or gfs2. Otherwise it can lead to the loss of data and/or file system and data corruption.

### ceph

The data will be stored on SSDs in the SysEleven Stack distributed storage cluster based on Ceph. The data will be replicated and stored on three different storage nodes and SSDs.

> A volume can only be attached to a single virtual machine at a time.

Reviewer 2: Keep in sync with L29/30

Author: Lines are in sync again =)

> The volumes can only be attached to a single virtual machine at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A volume can only be attached to a single virtual machine at a time.
```
